9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
[music] Show. I'm Ivon with David and
Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China. Let's
get your top stories today. Asian stocks
gaining while oil dropping as President
Trump insists a deal with Iran is close.
[music] That's after calling off plant
strike. South Korea's Cosby index. As
you can see, leading gains as chip
shares continue [music] to rally. SpaceX
set to make its trading debut after its
biggest IPO in history, launching
[music] it into the ranks of the largest
public companies and boosting Elon
Musk's fortune to nearly a trillion
[music] dollars. And we look at the
regulatory environment for China's
e-commerce players after authorities
scold Alibaba and JD.com and others for
allegedly misleading [music]
promotions.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Oh, there's a lot going on today, Dave.
Uh, not just when it comes to the World
Cup kicking off, right? You talk [music]
about SpaceX, that's just a few hours
away. And then when you talk about this
rally in the back of these Iran
headlines, you're hearing pretty strong
rhetoric from President Trump that maybe
there is some sort of deal in place. the
market certainly is moving with those
headlines. Uh and then you pair that
with some of the deals that we're seeing
or possible deals maybe in in the
grocery sector here in China with
Alibaba Maidto that competition
continuing to heat up here.
>> Yeah. A couple of stocks that we're
tracking there, right? So going into
this even before this breaking news that
we had in our reporting that Alibaba is
looking to pay about one and a half
billion dollars to get into improper of
course the grocery with maidto certainly
something to watch. Uh the regulatory
environment is something that's come up
again. I think when you look at some of
the names that have been put through um
Baba was down two nights ago in the US
was down yesterday in Hong Kong is down
further overnight. Yes.
>> And that puts us now closer to just
broadly speaking a bare market. Right.
When you look at the broader Msei
benchmark and it's really one of the
reasons why everything else but Chinese
markets have done exceptionally well uh
going into the weekend. And I think that
is similar to what we're seeing uh
perhaps the pricing going into today. We
we'll get you a a more nuanced take
really on markets as we go into the
thick of Friday. But yes, apart from
that, there's also this BOK line that's
coming through.
>> Yes. So, we're hearing from the governor
uh in this statement this morning. So,
talking a little more about the exchange
rate says expects the dollar one rate to
stabilize gradually and Shin says the
interest rates need to be raised before
too late. and the flag in particular and
inflationary pressures to rise if this
weaker one persists. So, uh, continuing
to talk a little bit more about that.
They seem a little bit more open to
these rate hikes now, Dave, after what
we've seen even in the ECB overnight,
the first G10 sort of economy to raise
rates here,
>> which was well flagged. Not so much this
one uh on the BOK, but your point right
overnight that we had the the ECB. Um,
and the the one we're talking about
right now on the BOK is the speech. It's
a 76th anniversary of the BOK. And of
course within that speech is of course
this hawkish tone that's come through.
It's better to raise rates earlier uh
earlier than it is later not to be
behind the curve. You look at what's
happening with the Cosby index. Not much
reaction there. Uh we were up as much as
8 8 plus% at one point. Not to say 7 and
a half% is not bad. Uh not good at all.
Uh Japan is also leading some of these
gains today. Something else we're
tracking. And yeah, apart from that, um
it's it's yeah, the the clouds have
parted here for risk assets to really uh
rocket through on the back of again to
back to your point, the countdown we're
doing into SpaceX, of course, the
biggest listing on Friday here.
>> Yeah. You wonder now that, you know,
maybe there's a little bit more positive
headlines coming through from Iran that
we could see a smoother sort of listing
debut for Elon Musk. That certainly is
what he's hoping for here today. But
let's get to of course all those top
stories that we've been tracking today.
and bring in our team. Our managing
editor Jill Dus, also our markets
reporter, Anthony Stevens, joins us on
our Hong Kong set. And our Bloomberg
deals editor, Michael Hya, joining us
from San Francisco ahead of SpaceX.
Jill, I'll start with you. Um, we've
heard this before, but what do we know
so far whether we have a deal or not?
>> Yes. Uh, we have heard this before. So,
what we've heard from Donald Trump, I
mean, Donald Trump says the war is over.
So, um, you know, you've got to first of
all take that in stride. Obviously,
there's been uh quite a lot of uh
rhetoric that's been happening over the
last 24 hours or so. Remember, we
started Thursday in the United States
with Donald Trump threatening uh to
attack Carg Island. Um critical energy
supplies for Iran. I mean, talking about
the potential for a major escalation in
this war. Uh he pretty much immediately
kind of backed off that a little bit um
and expressed some reservations and now
um we're at a stage where he says that
uh there's a deal in the works.
Nothing's been signed at this point. Uh
but Trump is certainly indicating that
there could be something in uh signed in
Europe as soon as this weekend um
implying that uh JD Vance as vice
president might go. I do have to caution
though that obviously we we haven't seen
anything on paper. It doesn't appear
that anything has been signed on paper.
Uh Iran uh has said essentially um just
that that there's nothing that's been
agreed to that's been signed. And I do
want to quote the president himself here
describing this pact as quote a very
strong memorandum of understanding that
is a little conceptual. So you're
hearing from the president of the United
States himself that kind of oscillation
in terms of how he describes this. I
think um you know at this point um a lot
of people have fatigue over the state of
these negotiations. They've been very
complex, very drawn out. We've heard
repeatedly from the president over the
past couple of weeks, several weeks at
this point, uh that they were close to
something. Does that happen this
weekend? I think we still have no idea
for sure.
>> I mean, this is the strongest language
yet from the US president, but Anthony,
I'll bring you in. As far as markets go,
the war was over 8 weeks ago,
>> right? And what people want is the
direction of travel towards a peace deal
to remain consistent, right? And what we
saw yesterday was a crosset conviction
that that is the case. We've had a one
sigma rally pretty much on every asset
and a one sigma drop in oil. So that
cross asset reaction function was very
strong and you're seeing a carryover
today. We see the Korean one strong.
It's not that the Korean equities are
strong. Korean equities have been strong
for a very long time and they were just
looking for another excuse to go higher.
But the Korean one rallying alongside is
an interesting reaction function. Also
Korean construction names are very
strong. These are names that are exposed
to the Gulf in a very big way and people
are really speculating that this war is
over. Those names are up 15 to 20%
today. That is a materially different
dynamic from just the pure tech rally.
Now we also have the liquidity dynamic
of SpaceX. To be clear, if SpaceX was
four times subscribed, that means three
times the SpaceX is coming back to
markets back to riskloving investors who
are presumably the type of people that
invested in SpaceX in the first place.
Those people are going to chase the tech
rally again. And we saw some signs of
that when we were sitting together
yesterday when people started to buy
Heinix at the lows, right? Right. When
Korea opened down, those people are
being richly rewarded today as KHNX
opens up 10%.
>> Let's bring in Michael Hya. As Anthony
mentioned, right, it's the big elephant
in the room. It's the next thing to
watch is the SpaceX uh listing debut.
Michael, we got the pricing a couple
hours ago. I mean, this seems like it's
well expected what we got in terms of
that. Can it live up to its hype today?
>> Oh, that's of course is the really big
question. I think it's set up for
trading pretty well tomorrow. As noted,
um, one thing the the effect of the
announcement by Donald Trump today is
that the NASDAQ composite had its best
day in June was up 2.5%.
If that continues into tomorrow, that
sets up, you know, a positive
environment for trading. Um, no one
wants to go public on their first day of
trading with a sell-off happening. So,
that would benefit the shares. I think
also I wouldn't underestimate demand for
this for the stock. It's it was four
times overs subscribed and um there's
still a lot of people out there are a
lot of people out there and a lot of
institutions even who did not um get to
buy the shares they had put in orders
for. Um also there are people who are
simply excluded from the offering
altogether. Investors in China and Hong
Kong being the best example. So if they
come in and start buying up shares and
through different means as well through
ETFs and various funds and such
that could make for a good first day
first uh day trading debut for SpaceX.
>> Yeah. I mean it becomes so so they open
the gallery to the general public
tomorrow. Anthony talk us through retail
appetite. You mentioned three4s of that
subscription might be coming back. Some
of that might be waiting. Some people
are going to jump in of course at the
open. What's the sense on the retail
front?
>> So there was a fascinating amount of
back testing done on US IPOs, right? And
the fascinating part is the worse the
valuation picture typically the better
the performance on day one, right?
Because you have this speculative boom
in the last few years where people want
to chase this dream like companies and
this is the biggest dream that has ever
been sold in US capital markets, right?
So that is the tag here and people are
do believe the story on the retail
front. You're seeing a lot of positive
social media sentiment and you have to
bear in mind that retail has done very
well this year. So if you're up 200% on
Micron, you're up 300% in Taiwan, you're
up 200% on Samsung and Hinx. Why not,
>> right? Why and you you've made 40% on
your Samsung and he levered ETFs. Why
not have a flyer at SpaceX this morning
on the open? So I think it's going to be
a very volatile first day trading to
state the obvious but I think retail has
is in the driving seat at the beginning
because not that many fundamental
players are long in the first place.
It's a light it's a light float right to
return back to our days trading though
it's more that it draws a line under the
risk sentiment around this IPO. It can't
retail can't afford to take a bath in
this IPO but it does not look like
that's the case at the moment.
>> Fantastic team. Thank you so much. Uh
Michael Heather there are deals editor
Jill D is here of course on the latest
on Iran and Anthony there on the markets
components as we go into the Friday
session here. Uh just one last note here
in the SpaceX listing. Uh we're getting
the SEC form three here coming through
and information here that Elon Musk now
we understand that he is holding options
here to buy. This is class B shares of
SpaceX 350 million as far as that filing
is concerned. Right. Uh lots more heads
including of course more on the world's
[music] biggest IPO and we're going to
hear from someone who got in quite early
here. Uh early investing in [music]
SpaceX and why he thinks the company is
uniquely positioned for growth. That
conversation [music] Winston Fu is
coming up in a couple of minutes going
into the opening bell today. 20 19
minutes away [music] to be more specific
and exact. Shanghai Shenzhen and here in
Hong Kong. Happy Friday from us here in
the China show. This is Bloomberg.
SpaceX [music] is the biggest rising
star of all time.
>> Anyone that's owning SpaceX, you're
you're buying it for the Musk factor.
And many that bet against Tesla and Musk
going back a decade ago that was I mean
that was proven historically wrong.
>> Elon Musk has appointed himself CEO for
life. He has all the voting control. He
has basically built a moat with
alligators around himself [music] and
that's not good for shareholders.
>> This is feels like a milestone moment.
This was an investment thesis that was
unthinkable [music] a decade ago for
most investors and and I think now
people are coming to grips with the fact
that space technology is really here.
[music] What would have been science
fiction us maybe 10 years ago is now
science fact.
>> Thanks.
>> There we go. I think there's a there's
one story in town today. SpaceX debuts
in the US later Friday. Biggest one in
record by a factor of more than three.
Uh let's bring in Winston Fu who's an
early investor uh in the company. He's
founding partner and managing director
at LDV Partners, a a venture capital
firm. Winston, good morning from the
Asia Pacific. Um well, the world's focus
is certainly on SpaceX. Tell us a story.
You guys got in early. Um in what way do
you think, if any, has the story of this
company changed? What are people going
to be buying now? What is SpaceX now
compared to a few years back?
I can't speak for what uh people are
going to how people are looking at it
today. You've had lots of experts um uh
at Bloomberg itself talk about it. Um,
you know, we as early stage investors uh
at LDV, we always look for great
entrepreneurs and a a strong moat for
the business and um and so this
this has been an incredible ride and um
but you know we we're uh as you said
we're early stage investors. Uh LTV is
named in honor of Leonardo da Vinci and
so uh we look to back modernday da Vinci
in the CEOs.
Yeah. H
>> how do you look at this modern day da
Vinci now? I mean you know SpaceX before
was all about rocket launches and
providing satellite broadband uh there
for internet. Now it's almost becoming
this aspiring AI juggernaut.
>> How do you view this company now?
uh again because of the quiet period I
would just point you to the uh
perspectus
um but in general uh when what
technology companies um can can build
platforms and then uh those who earn the
right build applications on top of those
platforms and uh I think that that's
Okay. What do you make of
>> Winston? What do you make of
>> some that are maybe not as ambit as
hopeful as you, right? The likes of Jim
Chenos, for example, saying that this is
a hopes and dreams IPO. You look at the
fundamentals and this is a company that
is not making money yet or at least the
revenue numbers are not really
justifying this this massive valuation.
What what's sort of the argument against
that? Now,
>> uh yeah. Uh
I think the great thing about uh
investing um and and company building is
that there's at the end of the day
there's a track record for everyone and
so uh we shall see uh with time.
>> Okay. Is this a is b so what are people
buying here? I not just to rephrase my
earlier question is this is this a space
company is this an AI company is it
somewhere in between that in other words
what's the type of multiple people
should be attaching to a company like
this while you know the concept forms of
exactly what this company could become.
>> Yeah. Again I I would I would point you
towards the uh the perspectives and and
and what what's on uh publicly
available. Uh, I think there's a
it's it's a terrific time for the the
space tech uh and space tech market in
general. Uh, and it the market's growing
incredibly uh fast and there's a lot of
applications to be built in space.
>> Winston, we got to leave it there. Thank
you. Founding partner and managing
director at LDV Partners there. Um, we
are just tracking some of this breaking
news when it comes to Iran. So, uh, what
we have heard in the last couple moments
is that, uh, the US has shot down two
Iranian one-way attack drones tonight.
That's according to Fox News. And also
according to Fox News, a US official
says traffic flow through the straight
of Hormuz uh, continues. So, um, it it
seems like from what we're hearing that
we are seeing some progress maybe
possibly when it comes to energy flows.
Of course, the caveat on on what we've
heard from the US side is that we have
not yet gotten a confirmation the
Iranian side on whether they are getting
[music] close to signing a deal this
weekend.
>> Yeah. Um the direction though seems
clear. Um, of [music] course we do need
to wait for confirmation uh from all
parties involved. But the fact of the
matter when you look at markets so far,
the fact that we have an eight [music]
handle on oil, the fact that SpaceX
looks to be on track, the liquidity
[music] concerns are slightly easing uh
going into the session today. And as you
look at markets across [music] the Asia
Pacific, Korea is up 7%, the NIK is up
4%. Uh risk assets already go this
Friday. Lots more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Okay, let's all breathe a sigh of relief
when you look at these markets going
into the thick of Friday. So, US futures
are up. We had a stellar session in cash
markets yesterday. uh and uh Asia is
actually doing quite well. I think when
you look at uh the components across the
Asian FX space, we're actually on a
stronger footing across most despite the
fact that of course you have a stronger
uh dollar index. A lot of that also has
to do with the fact that when you look
at G10 for example, you did get a move
of course in the euro overnight which is
uh somewhat softening at the moment. Uh
most important data point on your
screens eight handle on oil on the back
of Iran. uh uh some of the stories there
despite the fact that you are getting
some complications like this line we're
getting through here coming through out
of Fox. Uh that's just to say as well
the setup going into the Chinese markets
could be also different too.
>> Yeah, I mean as we talked about we're
we're still near that bare market watch
when it comes to MSEI China. So we'll
see if we get to that today. Yesterday
there was certainly a lot of selling
when it came to some of these big China
tech names. uh regulators there gave a
bit of a warning to some of the likes of
Alibaba, some of these platform
companies when it comes to uh really the
competition and really misleading
promotional practices. So, we'll see if
we get another day of this. The ADRs did
drop overnight as well. Uh we also have
talked a little bit more about the
technicals, right? We've seen some of
the oversold conditions when it comes to
some of these Hong Kong benchmarks here,
but we're watching of course the
precious metal space online platforms as
we talked about. There is a CGB stale.
We have PPI numbers coming out from Hong
Kong and we're waiting of course credit
data from China.
>> Yep. Could come out today. Uh most times
it's come out late Friday. Um but yeah,
so we'll keep an eye on that of course
going into the weekend. Right. Shares of
Alibaba coming up on your screens very
shortly. Hansen Tech is up over 1% in
the pre-market. We're looking at this of
course given some of the latest news
around regulation and of course there's
other news and reporting that we've done
of course around Alibaba and um getting
into the fora as far as maidan is
concerned. Okay, let's put this all
together. E-commerce players remain on
watch. You have regulators summoning uh
them over misleading promotions and a
warning against unchecked competition.
Let's check in on the story. Minman Low
is here with us to take us through what
these summons are all about. Minman.
>> Yeah, it really shows you that the
Chinese government is still continuing
on this anti-involution campaign despite
inflation already returning to the
economy, right? And the latest summons
affect multiple sectors from the
e-commerce players to the train
ticketing platforms to automakers as
well. And I'm going to talk a little bit
more about these e-commerce players
because we had the CCTV state media
report that provided very detailed
breakdown of the the things that they
have violated. So particularly when it
comes to this 618 shopping festival
promotion, right? So they outlined a lot
of specific examples. For example, PDD
was accused of uh having unilateral
clauses that exempted itself from any
legal liability in terms of uh product
disputes. And then when it comes to
these 10 billion UN subsidy campaign
that many of these uh uh e-commerce
platforms have been campaigning uh
Alibaba for example has been accused of
misleading consumers because the
campaign actually is not specific to
618. It's a longerterm campaign and some
of these other e-commerce players were
not able to provide evidence of just how
much subsidies they actually are
providing and the capital contribution
ratio that is being shared between the
e-commerce players and the merchants. So
a lot of uh sort of different examples
being raised. Um no fines this time but
perhaps this naming and shaming tactic
is also enough right just given the
punishment of the stock overnight in the
ADR. So that is uh maybe enough to
actually get these uh e-commerce players
to rectify their behaviors.
>> Yeah. You say rectify is interesting
because we just had this this line that
broke about this sort of bidding war
potentially uh between Alibaba and Mtoan
when it comes to poo poo. What do we
know at this point? So, Alibaba has just
put in a bid for this uh instant grocery
retailer called Poo Poo. It specializes
in a 30 minute delivery uh particularly
in four provinces in the south of China.
Um $1.5 billion. This is more than
double the bid of the rival bid by Sunn
Art Retailing. And Sunun Art used to be
a subsidiary of Alibaba before they sold
it off. So now it's backed by a private
capital firm. But this is interesting
because it comes just months after Mtoan
also acquired Tingong Mai which is
another instant grocery retailer uh just
months ago for about $700 million. So
again Alibaba's bid is extremely
aggressive. It shows you that they are
really stepping up this fight with mtoan
and yes maybe this wave of consolidation
could eventually curb that price war in
the longer run but for now it seems like
that competition is heating up and it's
also creating a separate problem around
um anti- uh monopoly right because uh
the thingong acquisition by mtoan right
now is still awaiting approval from the
uh anti- uh antitrust uh regulator from
China
>> mman thank you our China correspondent
Mim Lo there of course we'll be tracking
what goes on with some of these China
tech plays here today pre-market is
looking like this Much more from the
regulatory environment here with Gavo
Dryconomics. And basically they [music]
say this regulatory ceasefire is over.
More on that coming up and the open.
Good morning. Happy Friday. Just under a
minute to the opening bell and most
major benchmarks across [music] the
Chinese markets are called not just
higher, substantially higher. Uh Panging
index up over one, China 3% [music] to
the upside. CSI 300 north of 1%. Uh and
we're looking at the likes of course of
[music] Alibaba given all the news flow
overnight. So it seems like this is
going to be a a good day. We'll see.
>> I mean it it's interesting, right? You
have President Trump basically calling
for the end or it says that this Iran
war is over. [music] We're still waiting
for the Iran side of that statement here
to see and really justify these moves
that we're seeing across these markets.
But yes, as you talked about, oil is
lower. I think [music] Goldman Sachs
also just cut the 2027 bread forecast uh
to now talking about by $5 to like
[music] a 80s something handle when it
comes to oil prices now. So you know are
the geopolitical clouds sort of parting
now ahead of the SpaceX launch of its
IPO later on today in the US right and
does that pave the way for a smooth sort
of listing debut obviously we it has
been confirmed is the largest IPO in
history here we'll see right we talked
about this retail frenzy uh here in Asia
too about you know trying to get those
orders in ahead of that uh day so
certainly there's there's a lot to look
forward to here today but today we're
we're really kind of rallying on relief
uh when it comes to Iran. We're up about
1.3% the CSI 300. China X is is really
kind of on fire here. We're close to 3%
at the early get-go of this open and
you're seeing some of these sort of AI
winners are once again back in the fray
here. When you take a look at Cabricon
Tech, the domestic chips are doing well.
Uh CL is in the green. Uh so that
continues to to to be a good news story
here today. Shanghai crude is lower by
4%, right? So you are seeing when it
comes to the oil price uh substantially
move lower here today. Hong Kong is
looking like this. Of course, we're
going to focus a little bit more on the
tech sector given the moves that we saw
when it comes to Baba uh throughout the
day yesterday here. And really, it got
really bad towards the afternoon session
after we started getting more lines from
the CCTV warning about misleading
promotional practices and the like. And
it doesn't just pertain uh to of course
the e-commerce space, but they're
talking about travel stocks as well. So,
we'll focus on that, but looks like
there you go. Things are reversing right
now. And Alibaba, BYU, Xiaomi, 10 cent,
all in the green here this morning.
We're up about one% or more on the HS
Tech here. MSE China though, we're still
on bare market watch. If things continue
the way that they are now, maybe we'll
avoid it for another day, but certainly
we're watching very closely how Offshore
is looking at here today. Mtoan, there
you go. That's the the exception here.
It's sticking out like a sore thumb.
We're lower by close to 2%. Perhaps
because we we just got that news of
Alibaba joining in on this bid for Poo
Poo, which is that online.
>> Uh yes. So, does that actually uh change
the fate of of really Mtoan's chances of
of of that merger or that deal? So,
certainly Maidtoan is feeling it here
this morning. We're watching of course
the the oil the airline names and really
given the drop in oil prices that should
be beneficial of course for some of
these airlines across Hong Kong and
China. There you go. You see China
Eastern uh leading that charge. We're up
close to 4 and a half%. We're watching
precious metals as well given what we've
been seeing with gold prices and the
like and and these metal miners are
certainly are recovering here today
despite you know gold is steadying now I
mean we're coming off some of the
initial sort of bounce but we're back
above that 41 4200 close to that level
here um take a look when it comes to
chip stocks so certainly we talked about
Cabon we'll see how some of these uh
eight shares are doing here and there
you go you are seeing less SMS these
Huah Hong semi is close to 9% gains here
right now after we did see the Philly
socks index surge nearly 8% overnight.
So, uh there is plenty of optimism
regarding Iran. Uh we'll see how the
sort of SpaceX IPO. What does it tell us
about this AI trade? Does it give it a
bit more legs at least today? The
indication is yes. And we have earnings
to tell you about when it came to
childhook as well. So, it was a earnings
beat. Uh so, they've been talking about
that. There you go. 12% gains for the
jeweler.
>> Very good. Golden golden day there for
Chao Hook uh to the upside post earnings
there. Uh just to recap uh the big news
of course in case you missed that we
just discussed that with Minman a few
minutes back but just in case you're
joining us right now. So about 5:00 p.m.
local time yesterday, the statement came
out from really a multi-regulator,
multi- uh department, the market
regulator, the cyerspace admin, the
national rail admin, and as you can see,
of course, train tickets are very much
in focus as well here, effectively
summoning seven major internet platforms
to discuss some improper practices,
false advertising, improper ticket
sales, everything that has to do with
competition. Anti-involution of course
is sort of big picture conversation
here. here. Now, our next guest talks
about this regulatory environment and
that the ceasefire as far as regulation
is concerned that the report says that
ceasefire is actually over as Beijing is
naming and shaming more companies in
public releases. Joining us from Beijing
uh this morning is Tilly Jang, China
tech and industrial policy analyst at
Gabico Dragonomics. Ty, good morning.
So, the title is very self-explanatory.
regulatory ceasefire is over. It reminds
a lot of people about the regulatory
storm I think it was 5 years ago. So my
question is should it remind us of that
or is this time different?
>> I think this time is pretty much
different be because if you think of
five years ago the targets are pretty
specific. they want to target on the
internet platform cognates. But if you
look at the targets fall under scrutiny
this time, it's actually quite a broad
because like even if the high-profile
internet platform companies are getting
most attention but if you check the
specific targets, they are also on other
like state-owned enterprises and also
even some local governments for under
scrutiny because they did something
wrong or like against the central
political campaign such of
anti-evolution or the unified national
market. So I think it's quite different
than last time. Although is both like a
government-driven campaign against the
communist, but this time it's more about
the strengthening of law enforcement
instead of a spec target specific
crackdown,
>> right? And you mentioned at a time, you
know, there was, you know, the
ceasefire, right, where at a time when
the economy wasn't doing as well, maybe
they weren't going to put that much
emphasis on the enforcement side of
things. But now that they're more
publicly naming and shaming these
companies, why what what's tell us about
the timing and why they're doing this
now?
>> Well, the timing is quite interesting
because after the internet cracked down,
but it apparently ruined the much of the
market confidence and because the
economy was down so there was a
ceasefire period of the regulators
decide that okay, we are not going too
hard on this calmness or like enforcing
the rules we want to set. But now like
one reason is because this year China's
economy has been slightly better and the
market confidence has been generally
restored. And another side is that they
have a lot of new rules wants to be
taken seriously. They have this like
anti-evolution campaign there for
several months but never really like
getting fully implemented and they have
like other new rules that they want to
kind of fixing the market environment
infrastructure. So for from their
perspective it means like a more of
orderly development of the market. So
like in order to set those new rules
they have more recent documents and they
also want this recent documents to be
taken seriously. So the buyer period
kind of over because now is a time to in
implement the new rules and like
advertise about them. So make them to be
taken more like seriously.
And I think you're right when when we
talk about the semantics matter and they
matter a lot because it, you know,
people will take what they
interpret things based on what we call
it. Should we call this a crackdown or
is this simply just enforcing the rules
that already exist?
>> Well, I probably won't call it a
crackdown because like if you check
their behaviors and the punishment they
receive, they are quite well measured.
They are not really exaggerating the
punishment on communist but instead like
they are considering like to make this
less look like a target specific
crackdown campaign but more of like uh
to install the overall market rule. I
think that's the purpose but of course
from the market perspective it might
like uh interpret things differently and
ruin the market confidence because of
the act uh the activities but from the
regulator perspective they are kind of
careful about this because you can see a
lot of them are warnings are not really
giving penalties so I think is this is
like still going on and we have they
have to consider both of the market
confidence and the things they want to
do
>> and tell it's great to get you to
decipher for the language around some of
these statements, right? And I think the
one thing it brings back to is is maybe
during 2022
is when they talked about how the
regulatory policy should remain
consistent with macro policy. Can you
can you explain a little bit more the
meaning of consistency and does that
sort of meaning change now or is it or
is it basically the same?
>> Well, the consistent of policy is a
political language. It basically means
like um to to make policies like adjust
your policy based on market reality. In
the past, it probably means like when
the market when the economy is down,
don't make your uh uh don't make your
policy too harsh on calmness to ruin the
market confidence or or what. But like
now when the market confidence getting
restored and the economy gets slightly
better, you probably want to like build
more like uh the the uh build more
future policies to improve the future
market environment. So like I think from
the regulators perspective make a
consistent policies like is being
adjusted over time. So make appropriate
policy consistent with your economy
environment.
Tilly, you mentioned something earlier
that and I hope you could talk a little
bit more about that because I think the
messaging that foreign investors will
take from that is could be important in
material. You mentioned that state-owned
companies are also the subject of uh
scrutiny that's happening right now. If
you could elaborate more on that.
Well, there are some examples such as uh
you know the anti- monopoly campaign is
sort of a big thing like they want to
take down the monopoly uh behaviors. So
like some state on communist such as
China Telecom has been advertised on the
uh state administration of market
regulation website as well as a example
of violating the anti- monopoly uh
roots. So it's not only targeting of
private firms but also stay on
enterprise can also fall under scrutiny.
M
>> Tilly, um what does this mean for these
companies? Now, I'm just wondering, we
we saw the sort of a negative reaction
to all the all this news leading up to
it.
>> Do these, you know, this the scolding
even without punishment, do you think
that that helps or at least changes the
the operations of these companies? Do
you think you how effective do you think
it really is in terms of ending some of
these, you know, price wars and the
competition in in these industries now?
Well, it's actually quite hard because
if you think of the anti-involution
campaign starts from last year, it's
like the government has been using less
of the hard m rules, but instead more of
the soft marrow such as like summon them
into a meeting and talk them out of the
price wall. But it has worked on some
specific sectors like uh on poly
silicon, they had more specific rules.
But unlike some other sectors like a
food delivery, you can see companies are
still engaging in price war and
overcompeting with each other because
they are market share competition
considerations. So like from the
regulator perspective the anti-evolution
campaign and and the end of this price
war is more of the sector to sector
tailored merit. So if because like on
lap previously on the the over capacity
on stateowned sectors now this over
capacity issues are happening in more
private sectors and also on more like
the emerging technology sector such as
EV and solar panel. So they don't want
to get too hard on this calmness but
more of like finding out what are the
problem marrows through like uh tailored
solutions for each industry
specifically.
Do you think it's these things I I know
it's a very broad question but do you
think the direction of travel is
encouraging that these will work and if
it doesn't work do you think the hammer
comes out?
>> It's very hard to say. It really depends
on like how this communist response and
whether the government sees a
necessarity of enforce of harder rules
on them.
>> All right, Tilly. Uh it's great to have
you. Thanks for for chiming in. Tilly
Jang there, China technology and
industrial policy analyst at Gavacold
Dragonics. A look at how Asian markets
are doing as we enter that commercial
break here. We're taking a look [music]
at continued uh gains here when it comes
to risk assets. Hang Sen, HStech are up
about 1%. We come off a little bit on
the HS tech here this morning, but yes,
looking pretty good in greater [music]
China here this morning as we wrap up
what has been a pretty busy trading
week. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You know, it's a good day
when the underperformer [music] is up
one and a half%. Um yeah, Korea as usual
7%. The usual names are catching very
strong bids going into the weekend here.
Asia Pacific 3% to the upside. The chips
rally just to be more specific in case
you didn't get to what I was alluding to
there. Certainly benefiting uh certain
industries and companies SKH you have
MediaTek in Taiwan. He for example is
seeing surging demand for leveraged ETFs
with associated hedging flows of course
now dominating uh trading in in that
specific stock here.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in our managing editor
for Asian equities, Lanting, too. She
joins us now. Um, tell the SK Heinik
story almost sounds
>> like the tail wagging the dog a bit.
Lanting, I mean, tell them more about
are these leverage ETFs now becoming as
important as the fundamentals of this
company?
>> Yeah, it is striking that 60 to 70% of
trading activity in SKH Highex is now
being driven by leveraged ETF related
flows and hedging activity. Think about
what that means. Traditionally, most
trading in a stock would reflect
investor views on the company, its
earnings, its valuations, etc. But if
twothirds of the volume is actually
coming from products built on top of the
stock and increasingly the trading is
being driven by mechanics of the market
itself. And that's why we're seeing uh
phenomena like options open interest on
SKHEX exploding 17fold in just a month
and daily price swings of 10% or more.
the ETF ecosystem is creating its its
own demand for options and hedging which
then feeds back into the underlying
stock. Now it doesn't mean the
fundamentals don't matter but it does
mean that on any and given day the stock
may move less because of what happened
to the AI memory cycle but more to how
leverage products um need to rebalance
their positions.
Now how much should we lose sleep over
you know the fact that you have leverage
ETFs you mentioned that you have retail
participation which is obviously part of
that story both things are potentially
creating systemic risks in Korea's very
concentrated stock market
>> that's that's really the key question I
think uh uh for a lot of investors if
you look at the vcosby uh that reading
is is at around 90 uh which is uh
extreme an extreme level of expected
volatility What is remarkable is that it
isn't happening during a global
financial crisis or a major market
dislocation, right? If you translate
that into US context, you're talking
about the volatility levels that would
normally be associated with significant
market stress. Yet, the S&P 500
volatility right now is hovering around
20s. So, in Korea, this reflects an
interaction between leveraged products,
options activity, and margin financing
uh among retail investors. When
volatility rises sharply, brokers may
tighten margin requirements to manage
their own risks. If that happens,
investors who are highly levered may
have to be forced to reduce positions at
the same time and that can create a self
reinforcing cycle of selling pressure,
higher volatility and then additional
deleveraging. Uh in that environment, I
think crowded AI winners can become
extremely volatile uh than what their um
underlying fundamentals would suggest
and that is a sign of an unhealthy
market.
All right, Nanting, thank you. We're
maning editor for Asia Equities now.
Okay, so one big stock to another. Let's
talk a little bit more about media tech
right now. Dave, when you take a look at
that this one, this is of course the
chipmaker in Taipei or in Taiwan, I
should say. We're set to hit the best
quarter
uh on record as investors are betting on
the shift into AI can help it move past
the overhang of a struggling older tech
business. I wonder why it's tekk and not
tee c. Anyway, uh let's bring in Genie.
You our Asia stocks reporter. There's
probably a very good answer for that
question. I'm just fairly ignorant at
this point this Friday in the day.
Genie, yes, tell us about this. What's
the story? Not not the spelling, but
yes, go.
>> Yeah, it's a record quarter. Um last
year when we were tracking the tics, um
we were actually wondering why Media
Tech underperformed so much, right? Um
and then up until like first quarter um
investors still view this mostly as a
smartphone chip maker which is suffering
from all the headwinds you know memory
prices and also the weak consumer
demand. Um suddenly in Q2 um there is a
narrative change. So right now I think
we are in the middle of a rerating of
the stock. Um we've seen like um 130
billion added you know 170% of gains
this quarter. Um but I think this is if
if this is a rerating story I I don't
think the gains will stop here. So there
is more upside potential especially
considering like there were two major
trends right now. One is I think the the
US hyperscalers there tend to use more
of their own tailormade chips rather
than like one sizefits all that kind of
GPUs very expensive ones from Nvidia. Um
they're trying to adopt more like
tailormade stuff. Um for example, Google
is the biggest like um user of those um
of those sheeps. So MediaTek is one of
the one of the two key um suppliers for
Google. So it now has 10 to 15% of
market share. But market is expecting
like MediaTek is going to grab the
orders from its major competitor.
Um and then expand the order from Google
especially in its next generation AI
buildout. Um I think this is one thing
that's interesting. The second thing is
um they are actually um um half of their
revenue is still from the smartphone
from the handset um segment but
gradually people are expecting there is
a very significant revenue shift. So in
two years from now I think their revenue
like half more than half of their
revenue will be coming from the asset
market the AI chip market. So I think
this if if this transition is
successful, this would make MediaTek
totally like um has a like
transformation, you know, redefining
itself from a handset um you know,
related stock um towards a totally
completely like AI company. Um so
>> so it's a nearly 200% gains this year.
What is the sell size saying right now?
Do they still see an upward trajectory
for the stock? Yeah, I think I think
many people are revising up the the
earnings forecast. So right now the
valuation is expensive if you look at
forward 12 EPS. But if you expand the
valuation multiple for example like
price versus the forward 24 months
earnings multiple if you if you're
counting in the next year's earnings
potential it's actually not that that
cheap. Oh sorry not that expensive. Um,
so I think this is more like a
fundamental story rather than like a
momentum or liquidity tracing story.
>> Genie, fantastic. Thank you so much. Our
Asia stocks reporter, Genie, you in fact
on that very theme here. Will just leave
me a look at this uh rebound that we're
seeing across some of the other rerated
names like Lenovo. We're up 3% on that.
Similar story. Markets had a substantial
paradigm shift around what these
companies are and what they're buying
here. Lots more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Right. Uh let's have a look at some of
the gold mining stocks really as a proxy
for risk [music] appetite. Gold
obviously is seeing a bounce today back
above 41. Obviously from the cut off
it's slightly down but we were closer to
4,000 in fact this time uh yesterday.
flip the page. Energy, which is the
obviously the opposite side of the same
coin, uh given of course where you are
in Brent prices and it does help of
course risk appetite when you have a
slightly softer dollar and a softer oil
price uh sub 90. Um so cheaper oil does
that mean cheaper jet fuel? Of course it
takes some time for that transmission
effect to filter through into sort of
the physical stuff. Um airlines are
seeing are catching quite a decent bid
today. of course didn't wasn't quite the
case of course this time uh yesterday
just very quickly here just a look at
some futures here going into the US
session where of course the big big big
big one quite literally is SpaceX and
the listing coming through and by the
way in case you missed it too we had
some changes to the NASDAQ and some
components there so we'll we'll talk
about that later and some new names
coming through being injected into the
index and of course in case you missed
the other big story was the ECB hiking
rates for the first time in about 3
years and flagging another one as soon
as uh next month But yeah, let's uh
coming up here, we're talking about the
impact of this jumbo SpaceX IPO and
upcoming listings [music] and mother
other massive AI name slots my head with
BNP. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back to the China show. Oh, we
are just what half hour into the session
here and yeah, all looks pretty good
here right now on this happy Friday. It
looks like if you're long these markets
and hoping for some sort of good news,
right? So, the Iran front according to
President Trump, the world war is over.
Uh we're still waiting for of course
confirmations from the Iran side of
things, but we did hear in the last
couple of moments uh from Fox News
reporting the US has intercepted what
has been oneway sort of attacks from
Iran. So certainly watching very closely
uh that story here and how it unfolds as
we enter into that weekend. Uh but
President Trump says looks like they
might be signing that agreement there um
as early as the weekend. HST is doing
this. We're seeing a bit of recovery
here in some of these big uh large cap
tech names as well after the concerns
around some of the regulatory warnings
that we got from CCTV yesterday morning
around 24 hours from uh yesterday. So
certainly it seems like things have been
a bit more of a relief here given the
Iran situation of course and as we
countd down to that SpaceX IPOG day.
>> Yeah, things are actually aligning quite
nicely going into this weekend and you
know as you can see of course they
including of course some of the earnings
coming through and gold is actually on
the way up. So putting everything
together some of the big movers while
you look at the rest of the region I
should mention Chaoai Folk is up 15%
that's an earnings story that's a gold
story. gold that miners are actually up
as a proxy for risk appetite. And of
course, you have the OG winners that
have been uh been consistently and
strongly bought press past tense and
being bought present tense on on these
dips and you look at the likes of Korea
which is up 8%. Uh Nikki is up about 4%.
interesting
u observation of course in case you're
just joining us right now just to
mention what lenting too of course from
our markets team mentioned is the fact
that you have an index like the cost
speed that's up what let's call it 90%
year to date but implied vault on the
index is also shooting higher what does
that tell you about what's going on in
terms of market dynamics and piping and
mechanics there Indonesian markets are
coming online of course this one is the
complete opposite of what Korea's done
see from the best in the world to the
world's worst by far, Indonesia. We're
up at the open though, just to note that
we have a statement out uh coming out of
uh authorities there. Bank Indonesia
sees capital inflows following of course
an increase uh in interest rates of
late. This of course a story here has
really been about regulators trying to u
anchor confidence around the markets and
assets uh given of course some of the
negative news that's surrounding uh this
market specifically. Uh and just a brief
look across the macro right now, the US
dollar, the 10-year yield, and of course
where you are in oil prices both down 1%
which is really helping as we were
mentioning helping things along here.
>> Yeah. And it's all comes down to of
course what SpaceX and and whether we
see that smooth sort of launch of this
listing, right? So they've officially
made history being the biggest ever IPO
and sending it to the ranks of one of
the largest public companies here, even
bigger than Tesla itself here and really
minting possibly Elon Musk to be the
world's first trillionaire here today.
So yeah, whether it goes and lives up to
the hype certainly is debatable too.
>> So it's official 135,
>> but the retail demand is certainly real
from what we've been seeing across the
world.
>> Yeah. So I'm really curious to see how
it trades, right? And I think the the
topic we had yesterday was, you know, a
similar listing was when when Facebook
Meta hit the markets and some of the
technical glitches. Now I think for now
there's nothing that suggests that's
going to be the case, but something this
big of course is untested. So, I'm
waiting to see what that's going to
happen there. And of course, what just
day one's going to be like, right? Will
the people that didn't get an allocation
get in the secondary market? People that
weren't allowed to get into the IPO
itself, will they make a punt in the
secondary market? And
>> and the Musk fandom, right, the the
retail portion of this is certainly one
thing to watch given that the trading
community there, I think they took about
more than 100 billion, they made about
100 billion dollars in orders from
retail investors alone. and they were
only reserving what 20% of this
allocation to the retail sector. So, um
whether you know this sort of how sticky
those those Elon Musk fans are, right?
Because a lot of them are saying, "Look,
I I don't look at the fundamentals here.
This is a company that doesn't make
money here right now." Uh this this how
to justify that $1.7 trillion valuation.
They push that aside because it's it's a
lot about the hope and the mightest
touch of Elon Musk.
>> Yeah. Well, that's key mind risk for you
right there too [laughter] if you look
at it on the other side of the scene.
return in vision, right? Uh let's talk
about this. So investors across across
the Asia Pacific have parts of the
market here have been largely shut out
of course of that IPO. Um doesn't mean
of course they can't get in once it's
all fair game of course in the public
markets. Abishekno is here with us our
senior Asia equities reporter. Uh I
guess for one where is your head at Abby
when you look at this upcoming listing?
What's your sense of what the first day
is going to be like and how does it
affecting market dynamics this part of
the world?
Well u if you talk about the debut I
mean uh our reporting is reflecting that
the the alternate platforms where you
know you have some financial derivative
instruments or bets on what the day one
would look like are implying about 35
36% gain um and that's a big bump. So
that means that the market cap that IPO
implied which was $1.77 trillion that
increases to more than 2.3 $2.4
trillion. So um it seems like it's
setting up for a good day for SpaceX. uh
the Iran war news how tech stocks are
reacting are actually providing uh you
know a good backdrop for the listing. Um
having said that valuations were at 95x
um there is definitely excitement among
investors but um you know it it is to be
seen whether those kind of gains can
actually be made and uh whether Tesla
whether SpaceX can maintain those kind
of gains. Now one thing that can happen
is I mean obviously the IPO was
subscribed about four times. So there is
definitely demand for for higher number
of shares. We have scores of stories out
there what retail investors and even
institution investors are doing in terms
of getting a pie of SpaceX or getting
something like SpaceX. So everything
related to uh you know SpaceX peers
suppliers ETFs that are holding it or
you know index funds that will get
SpaceX as part part of their indexes
those kind of funds are they're all
excited in fact the ARCs defense and
space ETF is set for its second
consecutive I think quarterly inflow of
about $200 million or something and uh
that is largely in this year and that
speaks to the kind of demand uh that's
out there for space related stocks. So
this space gets rerated. But um on the
flip side uh you know David if you if
you if you look this space is not really
directly tying into the current AI
related or chip related names. There
would be supplying but not directly and
none of these space related names you
know among the big ones are actually a
hefty part of the index. So there would
be some rotation from Mac 7 from you
know chip names um you know as uh SpaceX
starts commanding higher heft in a
variety of indexes.
You mentioned about all the different
ways that investors are trying to at
least capture this sort of SpaceX
effects without actually um getting
access to the actual stock itself
whether it's the space supply chain the
ETF funds and whatnot. I mean can and
can can those sort of routes generate
the same sort of returns a as you know
investing in SpaceX itself?
>> Yeah. I mean our reporting is reflecting
that and uh and you know um it it should
be like that. I mean you you have seen
this happening time and again on a mega
trend like take for example AI you know
there would be stocks which will get
rerated first in the US and then you
have Korea like rally um a Taiwan like
rally. Something similar is happening
related to SpaceX as well. Suppliers and
peers in China. I mean we have a bunch
of names out there like Sunway
Communications mentioned in an analyst
call uh that they do supply parts to
SpaceX and that stock is has has
rocketed over the last one year.
Similarly in Taiwan there are you know
bunch of these names which according to
a gamut of media reports are supplying
parts and par parcels to SpaceX and they
have also rocketed. I think a lot of
stocks have more than doubled. Now apart
from this uh you know um look at markets
like India, look at markets like uh you
know um Indonesia and you know even
other parts of Asia where there are some
defense suppliers which are allied to
space activities and they're they are
getting decent amount of money coming
in. So as these uh space related
Starlink related things get reerated. I
I think uh you know it it will feed into
peers suppliers and uh the whole gamut
of ETFs that would be carrying these
stocks.
Abby, thank you. Abishak Vishnoy there,
our Bloomberg senior Asia equities
reporter joining us out of Singapore.
Let's talk a little bit more about, of
course, what this means for Asian
equities and and bring in Jikai Chen,
head of Asian and global EM equities at
BMP Paraba Asset Management. JK, it's
great to have you.
>> Great to be back.
>> How much interest are you getting now
from from clients about either SpaceX or
or even just the supply chain and what
this what the feed through means for
Asia? probably not as much on SpaceX
because it's largely outside of a
benchmark and we invest in uh emerging
markets in Asia but uh certainly over
the last two and a half years now
there's been a lot of excitement about
AI investing and u [clears throat] Asia
is very fortunate to be in that exact
crux of supply chain if you will I think
75% plus of the world AI chips comes
from this part of the world and if you
look at the sub uh components in terms
of the GPUs or HBM memory memory is
probably even higher 85 or 90%. So as a
result of that I think the Asia
manufacturing powerhouse that we've all
known has really benefited by being the
providers of pick and shovels to the AI
capex. So that has definitely been a
constant theme for about 2 years now.
>> Yeah. Uh and you know we'll talk more
certainly about the opportunities with
the Asia supply chain. I mean look at
likes of Korea but just the I want to
get your thoughts on just the notion
that these large listics not just SpaceX
you have the other big US names not just
in equity markets in debt markets too is
will cause some liquidity to get drained
out of Asia Pacific and EM how are
people going to be funding
>> this effectively [clears throat]
>> I think there's some concerns on that
but I think that's probably overdone to
a certain extent yes 75 billion IPO is
the world largest I think there's a lot
of superlatives associated with this IPO
but it's also happening in the world
deepest uh most liquid capital markets
right and as you can see from the
details that we've seen overnight um I
think institutionals about 4x overs
subscribed retail is 100 billion as uh
you guys has mentioned and only about
20% of that is subscrib is uh uh
available for retail so there's
definitely a lot of capital behind this
and if you look at from the US capital
market point of view the amount of u
cash that's still sitting in money
markets funds in brokerage account it's
even higher than what we saw during uh
the co times right so there's definitely
a lot of firepower if you will that's
there to basically purchase this
then coming back to what it means for
Asia I think there's not really fair to
compare the two uh in terms of uh
constraints of liquidity because the
typical Asian investor the typical
emerging markets investors are probably
not thinking about SpaceX as a direct
competitor to the alloc ation to
emerging markets, right? It's probably a
different animal completely and quite
frankly for the US investors is probably
a new allocation as well because there's
not really a lot of direct uh companies
that's involved in space exploration as
well as AI. Um there's no comparables to
be quite honest.
>> Yeah. And I think it's interesting given
[clears throat] just all these mega IPOs
there there's a narrative out there that
maybe this suggests we're at a peak in
this whole AI trade. Do you see it that
it doesn't seem like you see it that
way, Jai? But I'm just wondering, you
know, how do you still stay invested in
this given the fact that there's been a
lot of rotation. Is every sort of
pullback a dip buying opportunity for
you?
>> Um, from the market so far year to date,
that seems to be the case in Asia.
>> Um, I think we are still very focused on
our fundamentals.
>> When we look at a lot of these companies
in the Asia supply chain, they're
supplying this AI capex, right? So we
are kind of bystanders in the three
large IPOs that's coming in the US but
at the same time we monitor them quite
carefully because they give us an
indication as to the global risk
appetite or the global investors
appetite to continue to fund this
companies right and quite frankly this
three mega IPOs is coming is basically
giving us a sense of like okay now we're
moving from concept into reality in
terms of I'm going to assign a multiple
I'm going to assign a valuation to these
companies that's most directly involved
of in the monetization of AI. So that's
going to give us an indication in terms
of how much more capex is coming down
the pipe. And if you look at where we
are so far year to date, at least for
the hardware supply chain in Asia, the
earnings are really following through,
right? It would be one thing if that you
know uh we have this massive rally in
the share price, but the multiple keep
expanding. But in fact if you look at
some of the key players in the AI supply
chain the multiple sens in fact has some
of them gone down because the earnings
revision has been so strong. All right
for the three companies we talk about in
Asia that is most key related to AI
capex they're amongst the top 10
operating profits generators in the
world two of them are going to be top
five one of them is number two. So I
think the earnings that's still coming
through is really also anchoring some of
this multiple rerating that we are
seeing um in the Asia supply chain so
far. So we're quite comfortable at this
point.
>> So I guess we need to talk about Korea
um naming the unnamed the so
the market's up let's call it 100%. And
it's a market it's the best performing
market. It's also the world's cheapest
market when you look at it on a multiple
basis, right? [snorts]
>> What should I own in Korea? And is the
can it go up another 100%. As the is the
sellout media question.
>> Got it. Uh you're putting me on a spot
there. I think we are invested. We are
still marginally overweight Korea.
Obviously, we've really benefited over
the course of the last two years as I
mentioned from being uh invested in the
key names in the Korean stock exchange
market. I think it's been quite narrow
as well, right? Because you look at the
look the composition of Cosby or the
MSCI Korea. I mean the two largest name
there is 45 50% of the benchmark and
that's also led to a very sharp um
outperformance of the large cap names
versus small caps. Um to your point CB
is up about 90% year to date. So it's
actually up outperformed cost by almost
85%. That's usually very unusual to see
in in a market right. So we are still
invested. Um we are still following the
earnings very closely. At this point in
time, we still think there's more
potential um for the share price to uh
anchor itself based on the earnings
revisions that we're seeing.
>> How do I look at China then when we're
close to bare market for offshore?
>> I mean there are AI plays but it seems
like the earnings visibility is not as
clear as as a Korea or Taiwan.
>> Yeah. So I think um there's couple of
IPOs is coming that probably might
change that. uh we think uh we also
following that we we uh some of them uh
these are the memory places coming to be
listed in domestic market shortly.
>> I think uh there's good news on that
front as well. Um there are some report
basically indicating that some of these
players are still pricing the DDR5
memory at the same price as the market
world leaders. There was some concerns
that initially that once they basically
do this IPO once they have this capex
going the increase in terms of capacity
may basically lead them to basically
competing on price and pushing down some
of this uh pricing that we are seeing
that's been so strong in the commodity
DRM uh market due to the requirements
HBM memory as well as expansion of capex
uh sorry AI uh usage right so there's
some good news on that front I think a
lot of people are excited about it um
depending on the all uh the multiples
that you're using uh it suggests that uh
it's going to maybe come to market at
about 10x and that's not that expensive
in the context of the earnings revisions
that we're seeing. So maybe that's the
shall we say the turning point that we
need uh in terms of the Chinese market
for some of this uh AI focused uh
investment. Yeah, that I think the world
that was number four in terms of memory,
right? Player in the world. Uh without
naming names again. Uh Indonesia
>> tough one. Uh I think Indonesia this
year has uh quite a few impact on the
overall macro and as well as the
regulations uh environment. I think what
really kicked it off was a very firm
respond response from MSCI particularly
on some of these uh corporates that was
solely focused on index inclusion and
concerns about liquidity. Right? So uh I
think the very firm response also led to
a very sharp reaction from the
regulators and the stock exchange of
Indonesia to basically address some of
this uh liquidity concerns as well as
concentration of ownership particularly
free float. Um I think that was the
first leg down in terms of some of these
uh names. Then you have question marks
about the fiscal sustainability. I think
uh president the president has obviously
a big ambitions in terms of Indonesia uh
in terms of economic growth and he has
basically a lot of plans in terms of uh
lining up the fiscal spendings behind it
to support that. But that has also led
to concerns whether how sustainable this
is on a fiscal side. And the latest data
on the current count was also a little
bit of a worry for people um because we
have actually saw a shrinkage in the
current account surplus to almost a
balance now.
>> So that's why the FX has been weak.
>> Jai would leave it there but thank you
Jai Chen there head of Asian and global
EM equities at BMP Paraba Asset
Management. We have much more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, looking at oil prices here.
You are seeing a bit of a cooling when
it comes to crude this morning with
President Trump saying the war with Iran
has ended. Trump told a virtual campaign
rally that the US got everything it
wanted in a deal that could be
formalized within days. Yeah, but
there's no confirmation from the other
side of any deal. And as our reporters
try and illustrate this very complex
flowchart of how
>> not even all of it
>> keep scrolling down.
>> What's the most complicated way to
conduct [laughter] a complex negotiation
on your Bloomberg terminal? Uh why don't
we bring in John Herskovitz here, our
East Asia government editor, uh with
more on the story and where exactly we
are. Uh we know what the president said.
He said, you know, a deal with Iran is
near. How close exactly are we, John, at
this point?
>> Yeah, we've been down this road before.
Trump has threatened massive strikes,
then reverse course, said that a deal is
deal that the US has gotten everything
that it wants, and then we've gotten the
caveats, the cold water from Iran,
saying that these sorts of comments are
speculative. Now, there's some positive
things. We see intermediaries such as
Pakistan, Qatar, some of the Middle East
states being involved indicating some
sort of progress, but actually getting
something signed has been elusive. We've
seen this many times. It hasn't
happened. So, this memorandum of
understanding has been floated, but it's
never been agreed to. So, that's where
we are, and we'll see how Iran responds
to the latest. They'll be up and running
in running for business in uh just a few
hours.
Okay. Well, tell us still where the
sticking points are and and really when
it comes to the points of this latest
proposal.
Yeah, we don't have much in terms of
details of what the latest proposal is,
but the the main things are a complete
opening of the straight of Hormuz, an
end of the Iranian nuclear weapons
program, and in return, Iran is looking
for on freezing of its assets and also
um yeah, Iran is trying to get some uh
security asurances as well, looking for
an end of the conflict between uh Israel
and in Lebanon.
So these things have been going on for
some time. Whether this yeah whether we
actually get a deal is um you know the
US is looking at a short term, Iran is
looking at long-term. The sticking
points remain the same and we really
haven't seen a huge amount of movement
indicating that any of these have been
resolved.
>> John, thank you. John Herskovitz there,
our East Asia government editor in Tokyo
for us. Just a brief look at markets
while we take a short break. This is
Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. As you can see, a
rally across some of the more familiar
names. TSMC's up too, and some of the
other chip names across the region are
catching on. And of course this broad
risk rally we're seeing going into uh
the thick of Friday. Uh similar picture
uh when you look at some of the big
names across the Chinese platform uh
some of the OG tech names not as much
which has had also been a feature
comparatively to u some of the more
favorite AI names across the region. But
China is of course also has its share of
some of your AI plays coming up on your
screens apart from I guess Chaoai Folk
which is a gold play in an earning
story. some of the semiconductor names
as you can see on MSEI China. Your top
four today in terms of percentage movers
are also seeing some very very punchy
gains here today.
>> Yeah, looks to be a pretty good day. Uh
and a bit of a catch-up rally when it
comes to of course what we've been
seeing in China tech though Muan has
been kind of the exception here this
morning. Uh in some other world news
that we're tracking today, UK defense
secretary [music] John Healey has quit
over Prime Minister Kier Starmer's
failure to increase defense spending.
Healey posted his resignation letter
saying that [music] Starmer's inability
to deliver the requested funding risked
leaving Britain less safe and in breach
of its NATO commitments. The move
damages Prime Minister Kier Starmer's
authority just as rivals [music] are
lining up to challenge for his job.
Adobe says its chief financial officer
Dan Durn is departing leaving the
company is without a top tier of
leadership after CEO Shantara Naran
announced in March that [music] he would
step aside. Chipmaker Marll says Dur
will be joining its staff and the
announcement overshadowed Adobe's
quarterly [music] results in an outlook
for the current period that surpass
analysts expectations
and the elder daughter eldest daughter
of Thailand's king has died. 47year-old
Princess Badra Kitiyaba has been
hospital since 2022 when she collapsed
due to a heart condition. An official
statement says she died from an
abdominal infection and other
complications. She have been seen by
some analysts as a potential heir to the
throne with the king not yet having
named a successor.
[music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going to at lunch break in just a
moment. And yeah, it's a good Friday.
Um, if you're looking at of course risk
assets here today, we're three and a
half% higher in the 225. uh as as Dave
mentioned, it's a lot of those sort of
OGs that are uh continue to outperform
here today. The topics is also up more
than one and a half percent and yeah,
we're just days away from that BOJ
meeting as well. So, next week it's
going to be pretty busy for Japan.
>> Yeah. Um and I think the Fed is also of
course coming through as well. So, it's
going to be a busy week uh before of
course we go into the weekend where it's
a lot of uh we get into the sports
stuff,
>> NBA finals.
>> NBA cup kicks off.
>> Korea is planning right now which I
think is still nil nil about 26 minutes
into that match. Um about an hour into
of course the cash market session in in
mainland China here in Hong Kong and the
Asia Pacific benchmark is up three
thanks to the three and a half% on the
nicke and thanks to the what 6 7% on the
Cosby every single sector almost is up
properties down the Bloomberg Asia
dollar index which is I guess indicative
of risk appetite this part of the world
which is bottom row second to the right
uh which is also interesting because you
have the dollar index actually also bid
uh uh today so which is obviously more
G10 uh look Uh now within this space
we're looking at some of these
e-commerce firms. The big news of course
5:00 p.m. local time with the platform
companies being summoned in seven major
ones. You have regulators effectively um
asking them to come in to talk us
through these scolding the scolding for
excess ex excessive uh competition.
Automakers travel platforms were also
flagged over some of these sales
practices. And you know this is
something we actually talked about with
our guest earlier on about an hour back.
Ivon.
>> Yeah. Tilly Jung from Gavicle basically
said that you know it it brings us back
to those sort of memories that we saw
back in 2021 when this whole sort of
regulatory crackdown began. What we what
they say though if you track what has
been going on the last five or six years
is that the number of enforcement and in
terms of what they do to companies has
not actually changed. But it's the way
that they've communicated right that
there there's this there was this bit of
a ceasefire here for a few years when
the economy was weaker. Now though,
there's more of this sort of naming and
shaming that we're seeing on on on this
sort of um on some of these private
companies. So certainly uh that's one
thing to watch out for. Here's what she
had to say.
>> I probably won't call it a crackdown
because like if you check their
behaviors and the punishment they
received, they are quite well measured.
They are not really exaggerating the
punishment on communist but instead like
they're considering like to make this
less look like a target specific
crackdown campaign but more of like uh
to install the overall market rule.
>> Let's bring in Bloomberg Intelligence
Katherine Lim. She's on set with us to
walk us through because you say there
might actually be an earnings impact to
this latest sort of scolding from
Beijing. But how how do we interpret
>> the the statement that came out
yesterday? You know, I love it when this
comes the last weekend of the 618, you
know, pro shopping campaign out there.
Well, hopefully people are still going
to buy, you know, with their heart at
ease that there's no excessive, you
know, um promotions out there that is
somewhat, you know, overshadowing um
some of the u real perks. But I guess
really we've seen since late last year
that the authorities are stepping in um
you know trying to summon um more of
these platforms in to discuss all kinds
of things closed door but we know that
you know they have their eyes on these
platforms and the magnitude of the
promotions you know how they go about
doing it. What are you exactly putting
on your platform to try and get people
to buy? So again, you know, not a
surprise particularly given that again
the last weekend of 618, you know,
promotions. Um, everyone's going to have
allin into, you know, getting the bus.
So I do think that what's going to
happen is that the 618 um shopping
campaign is not going to be an exciting
one. Since the beginning of this year,
we've actually seen online sales slowing
down. Um so you know that is what it is
for retail sales in general especially
when sentiment isn't all that great. So
how do we does the does the m slow
momentum continue then through this 618
going into other big of course shopping
dates to look forward to end of the year
>> China will be reporting their retail
sales next Tuesday 16th of June itself
and I see consensus expecting a negative
0.3%
um uh growth essentially a decline of
0.3% for the May April re uh for the May
retail sales so that goes to show that
you know sentiment isn't all that great.
There will be selective pockets of
little growth um you know here and there
but again I think you know with the
campaigns the promotions dying down um
the two-monthl long or um shopping
campaign isn't really going to you know
impact retail sales at this point in
time.
>> How does it impact the earnings of some
of these companies moving forward? You
talked about there could be a bit of a
sales slowdown.
>> Yeah, you know we've actually seen um
Alibaba coming through um with the
numbers itself. They're talking about
you know better economics out there. But
let's not forget that a lot of the
spending that are putting into pushing a
gentic you know through their apps
itself is all going into the others. So
there is a cost in actually training
their apps and all that models out
there. So it is still going to take um
them um investments to actually try to
get users comfortable with a gentic.
>> Sorry to put you on the spot here but
the big mover today is Chao Folk out
with earnings. Do you have any thoughts
on that? Yeah, you know, I was at their
um press briefing uh yesterday.
>> Look how that worked out. [laughter]
Okay, perfect.
>> I know. I mean, it's um you know, it's
it's it's really interesting, you know,
seeing how they are talking about the
strong momentum um for their jewelry
sales in April and May where we've
actually seen, you know, that go
correction out there. And we'd actually
also see mainland um same store sales
volumes narrowing to a decline of 6%
versus a 31% volumes decline in the
first three months of um 2026. So it's
interesting that you know all in we are
seeing some buying interest coming back
from consumers which is what I said the
sentiment isn't great but there are
pockets whereby you are starting to
actually see consumers willing to
actually dig into their wallets and
spend
>> buy on the dip
>> gold
>> gold quite literally.
>> Yeah. All right Cath thank you Katherine
Lim there our Bloomberg intelligence
senior consumer and technology analyst.
Um, let's time for what's been trending
on on China and really look what was
making headlines in national newspapers
and sparking conversations on social
media. The Workers Daily, this is the of
course the official mouthpiece of
China's umbrella trade union
organization is calling on regulators to
protect labor rights amid China's rapid
adoption of AI.
>> Yeah, for more context really on the
coverage, Minow, our China correspondent
here just helping us understand
certainly the context is job and
employment stability. Uh so what what
what are you seeing here?
>> Yeah, this is definitely a big concern
now right it's already showing up in the
macro data actually since co we have
very elevated youth unemployment rates
and it actually hasn't come down it's
still hovering around 16% and the
overall employment unemployment rate is
still hovering above 5%. And this is
really being accelerated by AI adoption,
right? Because it's going to touch every
corner of the economy by 2030. That's
part of the government plan. And the
thing about China is under the labor
laws, if a company wants to lay off
workers, more than 10% of its workers,
it actually needs to seek government
approval. So what we are seeing now is
not so much of these headline grabbing
mass layoff, but very quiet phased sort
of layoffs and uh quiet attrition. It
could look like non-renewal of
contracts. It could look like a freeze
or slowdown in hiring or a reduction of
wages, particularly entrylevel wages.
And the reason why we're paying to this
article on the workers daily is because
it's seen largely as the mouthpiece or
the voice of the workingclass people in
China. And it's something that the
Chinese government would pay attention
to because economic discontent is one of
the biggest drivers of social
instability and protests in China. And
and according to this article, what are
they saying are the specific threats
that AI is posing to the labor force
now?
>> So the most obvious one of course is job
displacement. Um but the less obvious
one that they pointed out is quite
interesting. It's more about
intellectual property and copyrights uh
infringement because many companies now
are requiring their employees to train
an AI avatar that can do their job. So
that requires them to put in all their
personal data, their personal knowledge
accumulated over the years to train an
AI avatar that would basically make your
own job obsolete and then you in that
process also hand over a lot of that
intellectual property. Um it's a bit of
a legal gray area and this is what the
article is calling for the government to
start investigating. Another area is
with regard to these uh low wage workers
particularly the right hailers the
delivery workers because of the use of
algorithms and passing out these orders
and um and adjusting some of these um
fluctuating unit prices. Uh some of
these workers find that they're actually
getting wages that are less than before.
But it's hard to argue their case
because you don't really know how these
algorithms really work behind the
scenes. So again, getting more
transparency on that front is another
major issue as well.
>> Mman, thank you. Our tennon
correspondent Mim Lo there. Uh it it
certainly continues to be an ongoing
story here and trend that we're seeing
across many economies here on really how
AI is displacing jobs uh all around the
world. Um you take a look what's going
on. We're getting some lines that are
crossing on your terminal now when it
comes to Indonesia. So we're hearing uh
from Donantara here this morning on
really just trying to clarify a little
bit. Obviously, the market has been very
concerned about this commodity export
control plan. What the COO is saying
here this morning is that that Donant
Tara will not sell commodity exports
directly. Uh that's the latest here
right now. What else are you seeing
here, Dave? Well, it it seems like it's
a
um and I'll use this very loosely uh
because certainly there doesn't seem to
be at least confirmed at least a direct
correlation between what we're hearing,
but you you you take a massive step back
and it does seem amidst this ongoing
exercise to restore and bolster
confidence in the market that some of
the u policies and questions that
investors were questioning um are
starting to be clarified. Yeah,
>> let's put it that way, right? In fact,
we we're getting more now uh that they
will be Go ahead.
>> They're going to monitor export prices,
they say,
>> not act as a middleman.
>> So, there's a little bit more I guess
nuance and clarity here. Um just given
what we've been have hearing for the
last couple weeks as well, right? Um
that there wasn't much of a vi I guess
clarity or vision about how this was
going to be implemented here. of course
when it comes to these strategic
commodities
>> that may only be exported by now a
state-owned company. So there certainly
there's going to be a lot of questions
and whether it provides more clarity for
the market.
>> That's a it's still a question. Uh and
the reason I frame it phrase it that way
specifically is we've had two byside
guests. I know it's a small sample size
but we have two byside guests in the
last 24 hours. Roikico on fixed income
yesterday and in the last few minutes we
had BNP of course on the equity side of
things that I think to BNP's case let me
borrow and quote Jai Chen Indonesia is
still a tough one
>> yes
>> um there's a lot of moving parts but
they are encouraged by what's taking
place in recent days in as far as
announcements and statements in the last
hour of course coming out of bank
Indonesia with statement where they are
expecting more inflows with a great hike
[music] and of course them directly on a
call with investors in the last about 48
hours. So, lots more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right. We're talking all things
SpaceX here and you know we were just
talking to Abhishek about you know how
these Asian investors are trying to get
their hands on anything SpaceX or SpaceX
related whether it's through derivatives
whether it's ETFs whether it's through
even just the entire space supply chain
right you're seeing it I guess in some
of these ro rocket stocks uh in China
that are rising after of course what we
got and confirmation of course of this
record IPO
>> directly in the supply chain or adjacent
to the broader theme uh so yep we're
here 75 $5 billion IPO official. It's
the world's biggest uh and demand was
four times of course that's uh that
amount. Uh let's get Ed Lello of course
who's reported on what the vision really
is of the company moving forward
>> ignition.
>> Elon Musk wants to build the
infrastructure for AI in space and he's
asking investors to help pay for it. the
rocket satellite and now AI company
[music] wants to raise around $75
billion in what will be the largest IPO
in history.
>> SpaceX is our is probably our greatest
uh you know commercial space company
hands down.
>> It will enable the next iteration of
what we want to see as the space
industry continues to grow.
>> This isn't just a space story anymore.
After folding in Musk's AI startup XAI
earlier this year, investors buying into
SpaceX are also buying into the future
potential of Grock AI models. And Musk's
vision for massive computing
infrastructure. That ambition comes with
a hefty price tag. New filings shows
SpaceX's AI business, as in XAI, lost
nearly $6 billion last year and billions
at the start of this year as money
poured into computing power and
infrastructure to compete with OpenAI
and Anthropic. Still, SpaceX has major
advantages. Starlink has become a
powerful cash generator through its
satellite internet business, while the
company's launch operations continue to
secure billions in government and
private contracts. What people need to
realize about [music] this company is
it's the it isn't just a little bit
ahead of the entire launch industry on
planet Earth. It's orders of magnitude
ahead.
>> And now Wall Street wants in. Goldman
Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and JP Morgan
leading more than 20 banks working on
the offering. And Musk negotiated record
low fees. But the IPO also raises big
questions like whether investors are
comfortable betting not just on Mus's
original vision of making humanity a
multilanetary species and getting to
Mars, but on a future combining rockets,
AI, and social media into one sprawling
empire. [music]
>> And so what we're buying is the next,
you know, the global economy, you know,
2.0 and 3.0 as we look at buying into
into SpaceX. If that happens, SpaceX
could redefine what the modern public
company looks like on Earth and in
space.
Bloomberg tech co-anchor Ed Lllo there.
And you know, it's interesting too
really what this all means, right, when
it comes to uh space ambitions and the
like. And our Bloomberg opinion
columnist David Fickling says Elon
Musk's ambitions for SpaceX may be
difficult to achieve without vast
supplies of critical minerals. And those
needs could tie the company's future to
China.
>> Yep. It goes through mainland China.
David joins us right now to talk us
through this. And yeah, let's start with
the premise. Why are critical minerals a
risk here uh for the SpaceX story?
>> I mean, we've seen this um plenty of
times in uh in recent years, obviously,
you know, most obviously last year over
rare earth magnets and in in some of the
trade war between um between the US and
China. Um, but I think a really
important thing to understand about
SpaceX and how it's different to the
existing space industry is it's just to
to use a classic Elon M phrase orders of
magnitude bigger. Um, he's talking about
um launching a million tons worth of
satellites into orbit. Um, you know, at
present there's um there's about 12,000
satellites in orbit of which about 70%
are are Starlink satellites. He's
talking about raising that to the order
of of a million satellites. Um and those
satellites will also be using more power
because these um uh you know these data
center um satellites consume a lot more
power than than the existing
communications ones that Starink uses.
So all that means a lot more um solar
panels and of course who makes solar
panels and who has the crucial critical
minerals for solar panels? Well that's
China.
>> So h why haven't we seen this problem
for satellite companies before David?
>> Yeah
I mean I think it's largely because of
the function of scale. If you look at
all the satellites that are in orbit
right now, uh the total um like solar
panel capacity of all those satellites
in orbit is about half the size of of
one standard solar farm in in West
Texas. It's almost nothing. Um what
we're talking about now, uh in the IPO
perspectus, um he's talking about 100
gawatt a year. To put that in context,
all the solar panels in in the US um
come to about 210 gawatt. So he's
talking every year half of the complete
combined US solar fleet. um uh and again
and again iterating now uh 95% roughly
of of all the polysilicon used for solar
panels uh is produced um produced in
China um traditionally solar panels used
in space use a different chemistry um
gallium arsenide 100% of all the gallium
produced in the world is produced in
China and of course SpaceX is very much
um you know keyed into this sort of
civil military fusion as a defense
contractor um and and as a sort of tool
for um you know for for a US company to
take control of a strategic space space
um and it can't really expect the the
biggest supplier of its raw materials to
um to necessarily sort of sit down about
that.
>> David, it's great to have you. David
Fickling there, our Bloomberg opinion
columnist in Sydney. Make sure to check
out his column this morning as well. A
look how Asian markets are doing. It
seems like yeah, it is a liftoff for
some of these uh not just space related
stocks, but really risk assets here
today. We are continuing to see gains
across the board in greater China today.
This is Bloomberg.
The biggest sporting show on the planet
is underway. It's not the NBA finals.
It's the World Cup. South Korea is
currently as we speak halftime uh
playing against Chetchia and I think
it's nil nil so far. Mexico a few hours
back won uh the first of 104 matches at
the FIFA World Cup and the co-host of
course defeated South Africa nil nil but
three players were actually sent off
which was also quite
a banger in terms of the the first match
of the World Cup. Uh the expanded
tournament of course 48 teams and will
be played across 39 days across Mexico,
Canada, and the United States.
>> Yeah, I mean they're talking about this
to be the most lucrative in history.
This this World Cup, right, when they
talk about revenues here for the
four-year cycle according to Bank of
America could increase nearly 50% to 11
billion. So certainly uh it's a big
tournament. A lot of eyeballs going to
be there all the next couple days and so
so but one country that is absent not
there is China of course its first and
last appearance at the tournament was
back in 2002.
Let's bring in Eric Drew from the
economics. He's been looking at the data
to figure out what what's going wrong. I
mean it's a it's 1.4 billion people
>> and we can't really come up with a good
football.
>> It's a long time puzzle I think why
China cannot make it in football. they
only appeared once like more than 20
years ago. So I think as a football fan
I can talk a lot about you know on the
pitch off the pitch things right why
they they can't do well in football but
I think as an economist I I have to
think about more deeper issues right so
what's really
>> is there any cultural thing or even more
social economic things which prevent
China from you know excel in football so
>> so I think uh my theory is I I don't
think China is short of talents I I
think China already had Messi or Ronaldo
given the such huge population there
must be talents there but the key is
most of the talents they didn't go down
the football track in the end I think
most of them have to go to the education
he have exam they have to spend lot of
time on exam school so they cannot play
football in the end so so what's the
reasons I think the key reason is uh you
know ironically it's probably because
China the economy is so good right so
economy rise so rapidly there's so much
opportunities outside football. So I
think many parents actually they are
very reluctant to put a risk on football
career which is very short and also
highly uncertain. I think it's it's used
it's it was traditionally not very uh
lucrative for career I think only except
for a few couple of years when every
grand was in the football right so
that's they pay a lot to football
players so I think most of time most
Chinese parents would priority always
priority on education track right they
go to college entrance exam so go call
which will give a more stable and uh
higher paid off uh education career
right the future Korea. So football is
very uncertain and it's not you know a
priority for many parents in China.
>> Is it just football or is the model
perhaps?
>> I think it's football is the most talked
about but I think for many team sports
like basketball, volleyball they used to
do well but they not that well now. I
think one key difference is individual
and uh team sports right. So because you
know China has been very successful in
Olympic uh games but that's mostly on
the individual events and why because
individual events like ping pong diving
so it's the the competition environment
is very stable and predictable right so
you can repeat uh the practice day after
day and uh make it to perfect
>> but football is very unpredictable and
you cannot have like uh more than 20
players training every day right So
>> fun fact, you were on the qualifying
team for Philippines.
>> Played
>> really going into the [laughter]
qualifying
>> in a in a in a past life.
>> Past life.
>> You can Google that if you don't.
[laughter]
>> You're watching the China show. We'll
see you all on Monday. Have a great
weekend.